Removed Azure Portal and Updated FAQs (#12655)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/idle-session-timeout-web-apps.md

- Microsoft Purview Compliance Portal

If you're working on a different web app with the same account, the activity in that web app won't be applied to the idle session timeout.

> ### I am active in Azure Portal, but I am logged out of other M365 Apps for inactivity.  Why am I logged out?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I am active in Azure Portal, but I am logged out of other Microsoft 365 Apps for inactivity.  Why am I logged out?
```

> Azure Portal supports a similar inactivity feature, but is supported by Azure Portal only. For more information, see [Azure Portal: Signing-Out + Notification](/azure/azure-portal/set-preferences#signing-out--notifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Portal supports a similar inactivity feature that is supported by Azure Portal only. For more information, see [Azure Portal: Signing-Out + Notification](/azure/azure-portal/set-preferences#signing-out--notifications).
```
